4.4 release (#297)
SuperDARN/rst: README.md

Radar Software Toolkit
========

> The Radar Software Toolkit (RST) is maintained by the SuperDARN Data Analysis Working Group (DAWG). To find out what we are currently working on, take a look at our [projects](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/projects) page, and also the current [issues](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/pulls). 

Reviewer: Maybe we can update this section now that we have a website

```suggestion
The Radar Software Toolkit (RST) is maintained by the SuperDARN Data Analysis Working Group (DAWG). For general information and updates from the DAWG, visit our website at https://superdarn.github.io/dawg/
```

  https://radar-software-toolkit-rst.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- RST API documentation includes the software structure and binary command line description and options: 
  https://superdarn.github.io/rst/

## Installation

Installation guide for:
  - [Linux](https://radar-software-toolkit-rst.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/linux_install/)
  - [MacOSX](https://radar-software-toolkit-rst.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/mac_install/)
  - <font color="grey">Windows </font> yet to be implemented
  
## Contribute to RST
The DAWG welcomes new testers and developers to join the team. Here are some ways to contribute:

  - Test pull requests: to determine which [pull requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/pulls) need to be tested right away, filter them by their milestones
  - Get involved in projects: the [projects](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/projects) page is used to organize our priority areas. Each project board shows items which are in progress, ready for testing/review, and completed.
 - Discuss [issues](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/issues) and answer questions

>  - Become a developer: if you would like to contribute code to RST, please contact us at darn-dawg@isee.nagoya-u.ac.jp or submit a new [issue](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/issues) on Github.

Author: ```suggestion
 - Become a developer: if you would like to contribute code to RST, please contact us at darn-dawg *at* isee *dot* nagoya-u *dot* ac *dot* jp or submit a new [issue](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/issues) on Github.
```
Try to keep internet scrapers/trawlers/spammers from hitting our list.  I know it doesn't look as clean, but hopefully that keeps our list clean.  Thoughts?

Reviewer: Yep that's fine

>  - Become a developer: if you would like to contribute code to RST, please contact the DAWG chairs: Kevin Sterne (kevintyler *at* vt *dot* edu) and Emma Bland (emmab *at* unis *dot* no)

Reviewer: Not sure where we landed with this. Should we replace the email addresses with the mailing list one?
```suggestion
 - Become a developer: if you would like to contribute code to RST, please contact us at darn-dawg@isee.nagoya-u.ac.jp or submit a new [issue](https://github.com/SuperDARN/rst/issues) on Github.
```

Author: I thought we were fine with them contacting us directly. I'm almost certain we tested out that you don't have to be on a list to send an e-mail to it.  I do want to change this some though.

Reviewer: @ksterne Really just for future-proofing, or are we doomed to be the DAWG chairs forever?! 🤣

Author: CHAIRS FOREVER!  Good point on keeping it future-proofed though.  One less thing that's hardcoded in.
